Documentation content additions and revisions for M2 (#142)
datajoint/datajoint-matlab: docs-parts/computation/01-autopopulate_lang4.rst

The function ``parpopulate`` works identically to ``populate`` except that it uses a job reservation mechanism to allow multiple processes to populate the same table in parallel without collision.
To enable ``parpopulate``, create the job reservation table ``<package>.Jobs`` which must have the following declaration:

.. code-block:: matlab

>   %  <package>.Jobs (job) # the job reservation table

Reviewer: This first line is no longer used in table definition.  This was from old syntax. Now it should just start with the comment:
```suggestion
  # Job reservation table
```

>   %

Reviewer: replace single-line comments with multi-line comments.

  %  table_name      : varchar(255)          # className of the table
  %  key_hash        : char(32)              # key hash
  %  ---
  %  status            : enum('reserved','error','ignore')# if tuple is missing, the job is available
  %  key=null          : blob                  # structure containing the key
  %  error_message=""  : varchar(1023)         # error message returned if failed
  %  error_stack=null  : blob                  # error stack if failed
  %  host=""           : varchar(255)          # system hostname
  %  pid=0             : int unsigned          # system process id
  %  timestamp=CURRENT_TIMESTAMP : timestamp    # automatic timestamp

A job is considered to be available when ``<package>.Jobs`` contains no matching entry.

For each ``make`` call, ``parpopulate`` sets the job status to ``reserved``.
When the job is completed, the record is removed.
If the job results in error, the job record is left in place with the status set to ``error`` and the error message and error stacks saved.
Consequently, jobs that ended in error during the last execution will not be attempted again until you delete the corresponding entities from ``<package>.Jobs``.

> The primary key of the jobs table comprises the name of the class and a 32-character hash of the primary key.

Reviewer: .. of the job's primary key.

The function ``parpopulate`` works identically to ``populate`` except that it uses a job reservation mechanism to allow multiple processes to populate the same table in parallel without collision.

> To enable ``parpopulate``, create the job reservation table ``<package>.Jobs`` which must have the following declaration:

Reviewer: No, the job reservation table is created automatically.  You do not need to do anything to "enable" ``parpopulate``.
```suggestion
When running ``parpopulate`` for the first time, DataJoint will create a job reservation table and its class ``<package>.Jobs`` with the following declaration:
```
